Release notes for 9.4.0 (#18973)
elastic/logstash: docs/release-notes/breaking-changes.md

% **Action**<br> Steps for mitigating deprecation impact.
% ::::

## 9.4.0 [logstash-940-breaking-changes]

::::{dropdown} JDK17 not supported
:name: jdk-17-support-drop

> JDK21 is the minimum version of the JDK required to run {{ls}}.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
JDK 21 is now the minimum version of the JDK required to run {{ls}}. This release upgrades JRuby from 9.x to 10.x, which requires JDK 21 or higher.
```

> JDK 21 is now the minimum version of the JDK required to run {{ls}}. This release upgrades JRuby from 9.x to 10.x, which requires JDK 21 or higher.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
JDK 21 is now the minimum version of the JDK required to run {{ls}}. This release upgrades JRuby from 9.x to 10.x, which requires JDK 21 or later.
```
